PEA Transfer Skip To Main Content Account Settings Logout placeholder Account Settings Logout Filter: All Files Submit Search You are here: PEA Transfer Instructions A PEA refers to a Plan d’Epargne en Actions, which is a tax-efficient investment wrapper for residents of France. It allows French investors to buy and sell European securities with preferential conditions. It contains both a securities account and a cash account. The cash account is debited when a security is purchased and credited when a security is sold or a company pays dividends. You can transfer PEA accounts held with other brokers (delivering broker/ceding broker) into your account. To do so, follow the steps below. Click Transfer & Pay > Transfer Funds > Transfer from Another Broker. Select the Ceding Broker , enter the PEA Account ID, and upload an Account Statement from your current PEA Broker. Note: Select More Information to view a knowledge base article about transferring PEA accounts. Provide your signature and select Next to continue. A confirmation page will appear on your screen. Select View Form to access and print the PEA Transfer Request form, and Upload to upload a signed copy. We will then initiate this transfer with your PEA Provider. Select Finish to navigate back to the main Transfer Page. Select View Transaction History to view and/or modify your request. Click a pending transaction from the transaction list to view, cancel, or upload documents. Additional Resources Learn About Funding in the Portal at IBKR Campus Visit the IBKR Client Portal Website Visit the Fund Your Account IBKR Website Log in to Transfer Funds Last updated on April 27, 2026 Client Portal User Guide | Copyright © 2026 Interactive Brokers ®, IB SM , InteractiveBrokers.com ®, Interactive Analytics ®, IB Options Analytics SM , IB SmartRouting SM , BestX SM , PortfolioAnalyst ®, IB Trader Workstation SM and One World, One Account SM are service marks and/or trademarks of Interactive Brokers LLC. Supporting documentation for any claims and statistical information will be provided upon request. Any trading symbols displayed are for illustrative purposes only and are not intended to portray recommendations. The risk of loss in online trading of stocks, options, futures, currencies, foreign equities, and fixed income can be substantial. Options involve risk and are not suitable for all investors. For more information read the Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options , also known as the options disclosure document (ODD). Alternatively, please contact IB Customer Service to receive a copy of the ODD. Before trading, clients must read the relevant risk disclosure statements on our Warnings and Disclosures page . Trading on margin is only for experienced investors with high risk tolerance. You may lose more than your initial investment. For additional information about rates on margin loans, please see Margin Loan Rates . Security futures involve a high degree of risk and are not suitable for all investors. The amount you may lose may be greater than your initial investment. Before trading security futures, read the Security Futures Risk Disclosure Statement . Structured products and fixed income products such as bonds are complex products that are riskier and not suitable for all investors. Before trading, please read the Risk Warning and Disclosure Statement . For information on the IBKR ATS and IBKR Eos ATS, please visit the SEC site . 37 countries include both countries and territories. Interactive Brokers LLC Is a member NYSE - FINRA - SIPC and regulated by the US Securities and Exchange Commission and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. Headquarters: One Pickwick Plaza , Greenwich, CT 06830 , USA Website: www.interactivebrokers.com Information on Other Interactive Brokers Affiliates Interactive Brokers Canada Inc. Is a member of the Canadian Investment Regulatory Organization (CIRO) and Member - Canadian Investor Protection Fund. Registered Office: 1800 McGill College Avenue, Suite 2106, Montreal, Quebec, H3A 3J6, Canada. Website: www.interactivebrokers.ca Interactive Brokers (U.K.) Limited Is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority . FCA register entry number 208159. Incorporated in England & Wales under company number 03958476. [https://www.fca.org.uk/firms/financial-services-register] Registered Office: 20 Fenchurch Street, Floor 12, London EC3M 3BY. Website: www.interactivebrokers.co.uk Interactive Brokers Ireland Limited Is regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland (CBI, reference number C423427), registered with the Companies Registration Office (CRO, registration number 657406), and is a member of the Irish Investor Compensation Scheme (ICS). Registered Office: North Dock One, 91/92 North Wall Quay, Dublin 1 D01 H7V7, Ireland. Website: www.interactivebrokers.ie Interactive Brokers Australia Pty. Ltd. ABN 98 166 929 568 is licensed and regulated by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (AFSL: 453554) and is a participant of ASX , ASX 24 and Cboe Australia . Registered Office: Level 11, 175 Pitt Street, Sydney, New South Wales 2000, Australia. Website: www.interactivebrokers.com.au Interactive Brokers Hong Kong Limited Is regulated by the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission, and is a member of the SEHK and the HKFE . Registered Office: Suite 1512, Two Pacific Place, 88 Queensway, Admiralty, Hong Kong SAR. Website: www.interactivebrokers.com.hk Interactive Brokers India Pvt. Ltd. Is a trading member of NSE , BSE , and depository participant of NSDL . SEBI Registration No. INZ000217730; NSDL: IN-DP-602-2021. CIN-U67120MH2007FTC170004. Registered Office: 502/A, Times Square, Andheri Kurla Road, Andheri East, Mumbai 400059, India. Phone: +91-22-61289888 | Fax: +91-22-61289898. Website: www.interactivebrokers.co.in Interactive Brokers Securities Japan Inc. Is regulated by Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Registration No.187) and is a member of Japan Securities Dealers Association and The Commodity Futures Association of Japan . Registered Office: Kasumigaseki Building 25F, 2-5 Kasumigaseki 3-chome, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, 100-6025 Japan. Phone: +81 03-4590-0711 (On business days from 8:30-17:30 JST) . Website: www.interactivebrokers.co.jp Interactive Brokers Singapore Pte. Ltd. Is licensed and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (Licence No. CMS100917). Registered Office: 1 Harbourfront Place #12-01/03, Harbourfront Tower 1, Singapore 098633. Website: www.interactivebrokers.com.sg
