domTree Europe Defence UC


                                                                    Produ
the “Fund”) seeks to track the price and yield                      Asset Cl
 WisdomTree Europe Defence UCITS Index (the
                                                                    Benchm

                                                                    Replicat

 of European companies involved in the defence                      Total Ex

  (“WT”). Companies must conduct their primary                      Base Cu
 emerging European countries which must be a
                                                                    Use of In
n of Nuclear Weapons (commonly known as the
d in the Index methodology. The selection of                        Distribu
on their revenue exposure to the defence sector.                    Frequen
 at are involved in certain controversial weapons,                  Inceptio
ns, chemical and biological weapons, depleted
pons and those that support nuclear weapons                         Financia
 n the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons
eaty or “NPT”). Additionally, the Index seeks to                    UCITS C
nly accepted international norms and standards,
 nes.                                                               ISA Eligi
  enue exposure criteria as well as additional
 ization and liquidity, are selected for inclusion.                 SIPP Eli
ghted by market capitalization adjusted by the
 utlined in the Index methodology.                                  PEA Elig

                                                                    Registra

UR)                                                                 Manage

     YTD        1-Year      3-Year      Inception Date              Investm

    9.94%       9.87%        N/A            19.76%
                                                                    Adminis
    8.67%       8.78%        N/A            20.43%
                                                                    Custodi
1/08/2026. Performance for the fund and the
erformance is not a reliable indicator of future
 umulative.                                                         Index
                                                                    Index

                                                                    Index P

                                                                    Index C
                                                                    Index B
                                                                    Code



                                                                    ESG C
                                                                    SFDR Di




d read the prospectus of the Issuer (“Prospectus”) and the key
 uld refer to the section of the Prospectus titled ‘Risk Factors’        WD
 in this product.
                 Fund Sector Exposure (% Weight)




                        Industrials                   97.48%




                       Information
                                            2.08%
                       Technology




                  Communication
                                            0.44%
                     Services




WisdomTree UK, Bloomberg. All data as of 31/08/2026




cker Bloomberg Code                   RIC              SEDOL

           WDEF LN               WDEF.L               BRBYL51       IE0

           WDEF IM              WDEF.MI              BRC2VW1        IE0

           EUDF GY              EUDF.DE              BRC2WC8        IE0

           WDEP LN               WDEP.L               BRBYL62       IE0

           WDEF FP              WDEF.PA              BT3NTV2        IE0

           EUDF LN               EUDF.L              BQLQ699        IE0

          WDEF SW                WDEF.S              BQRG6R1        IE0

         EUDFN MM               EUDF.MX              BQTX9B5        IE0




d read the prospectus of the Issuer (“Prospectus”) and the key
 uld refer to the section of the Prospectus titled ‘Risk Factors’   WD
 in this product.
e Defence theme. The rise of geopolitical tensions globally ha


f European companies involved in the defence sector.
 ompanies in the Index is conducted by WisdomTree with signif
nd relevant.




nies with a high exposure to the European defence theme, there
olatility and should be considered as a longer-term investment
y a part in megatrends tend to trade at higher valuations. The i
sion.
sectors, countries, companies or currencies.
disclosed in the relevant key information document and Prosp




d read the prospectus of the Issuer (“Prospectus”) and the key
 uld refer to the section of the Prospectus titled ‘Risk Factors’   WD
 in this product.
mines the weight of its constituents using the dividends paid b


 s that match the constituents of the relevant index, in the same

weights securities on the basis of factors such as dividends or ea

arket capitalisation and is calculated by multiplying the price of

change.

y invested in securities that are constituents of the index, but


re the actual securities not a derivative.

rtain set of selection and weighting rules of countries, sectors a
ction and weighting process.

the constituents of the index are screened and their weights ch

und gets exposure to the benchmark index.

he currency that the fund's NAV is issued in.

tal costs associated with managing and operating a fund. The
erating expenses. It does not cover the swap fee. The TER is e




d read the prospectus of the Issuer (“Prospectus”) and the key
 uld refer to the section of the Prospectus titled ‘Risk Factors’   WD
 in this product.
 pean Economic Area (“EEA”): This document has been issue
 Bank of Ireland.

 ions outside of the EEA: This document has been issued and
m Financial Conduct Authority.

 K Limited are each referred to as “WisdomTree” (as applicable


 r all investors; however, the WisdomTree products describe
only be available to particular categories of investors in acco
bution is restricted in your jurisdiction, it is the responsibili
 mply with, all relevant restrictions. Before making any in
 to assess the suitability and implications of investing in th
omTree does not offer investment advice tailored to individ
y historical performance included in this document may b
y by applying it to historical data to simulate what the per
tical and is provided in this document solely for informa
 t be interpreted as an indication of actual or future perfor
 ecision to invest should be based on the information conta
al advice. The content of this document does not constitute
make any investment.

TPs”) is dependent on the performance of the underlying index
 isks including among others, general market risks relating to t
ange rate risks, interest rate risks, inflationary risks, liquidity ris

not, and under no circumstances is to be construed as, an adv
 any province or territory thereof, where none of the issuers o
he issuers has been filed with any securities commission or regu
distributed (directly or indirectly) into the United States. None
d States Securities Act of 1933 or the Investment Company Act


 ket commentary prepared by WisdomTree based on publicl
 nt in this document, WisdomTree does not warrant or guaran
 this document make no warranties or representation of any ki
or market activity, these views may change. Neither WisdomTr
pts any liability whatsoever for any direct or consequential lo


 tements including statements regarding our belief or current e
ooking statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties an
ults could differ materially from those anticipated in such stat
d-looking statements.

sued by WisdomTree Issuer ICAV (“WT Issuer”). WT Issuer is an o
between sub-funds and is authorised by the Central Bank of I
under Irish law. Each fund is represented by a separate class of

 ment (KID) or Key Investor Information Document (KIID) for UK
 the KID / KIID is available, for EEA/UK only, in English at www
  language of the relevant EEA Member State. Investors shoul
 entitled ‘Risk Factors’ for further details of risks associated with

wisdomtree.eu/-/media/eu-media-files/other-documents/regul
 in the fund is available in English on WisdomTree Europe’s w
  the marketing of its collective investment undertakings. In su
on and will be provided with the opportunity to redeem their
 date of such notification.
nt constitutes an advertisement of the financial product(s) men
 investor information documents (KID) (in German, French and
/resource-library/prospectus-and-regulatory-reports
 representative and paying agent of the ETPs in Switzerland is S
 he prospectus, the key investor information documents (KIID),
ailable free of charge from the representative and paying agent
he registered seat of the representative and paying agent. Some
s Financial Market Supervisory Authority (“FINMA”). In Switzerla
 to Qualified Investors.


 d exclusively for professional investors (as defined under the M
 o the public. The distribution of the Prospectus and the offering
suer is a UCITS governed by Irish legislation, and approved by t
 t have to comply with the same rules as those applicable to a si
 he Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers
  the Key Investor Information Document, any supplements or a
cles of association) are available in France, free of charge at the
nce. Any subscription for Shares of the Fund will be made on th


or the offering of the Shares and securities have not been filed w
  or any other state or federal regulatory authority, nor has any s
 d upon the accuracy or completeness of any offering materials.
 en approved by the Israel Securities Authority and will only be d
nder sections 15 and 15a of the Israel Securities Law, 5728-1968
nt Investment Trusts Law “), as applicable. The products are bei
h period) and/or those categories of investors listed in the First
 case have provided written confirmation that they qualify as S
d agree thereto; in all cases under circumstances that will fall w
 aw, the Securities Law and any applicable guidelines, pronoun

 e reproduced or used for any other purpose, nor be furnished to
chases a product is purchasing such product for its own benefit
 her parties (other than, in the case of an offeree which is a Soph
member of the Tel-Aviv Stock Exchange, as defined in the Adden
icated Investor).
 red investment advice or investment marketing as defined in t
 ment Law, 5755-1995. Investors are encouraged to seek compe
g the investment. A recipient of this document may be required
t for its own account or, where applicable, for other Sophisticat
