WDEF                                        Wisd


Investment Objective
The WisdomTree Europe Defence UCITS ETF (t
performance, before fees and expenses, of the
"Index").

Index Description
The Index is designed to track the performance o
sector.
The Index was developed by WisdomTree, Inc. (
business activities in one of the developed or e
signatory to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation
Non-Proliferation Treaty or “NPT”) as outlined
European companies within the Index is based o
The Index further seeks to exclude companies tha
such as antipersonnel mines, cluster munition
uranium weapons and white phosphorus weap
programmes to states outside the Treaty on
(commonly known as the Non-Proliferation Tre
exclude companies that violate certain common
such as such as United Nations and OECD guidelin
A minimum of 20 stocks that meet the reve
requirements such as minimum market capitali
The selected companies in the Index are weig
Exposure Score, following the caps and criteria ou
The Index is rebalanced on a quarterly basis.

Performance (Net of fees) (EU
 Name                                            QTR

 WDEF NAV                                       1.80%
 WisdomTree Europe Defence UCITS
                                                0.57%
 Index (NTR)

Source: WisdomTree UK, Bloomberg, as of 31
Index is shown in the listing currency. Past pe
results. Performance of less than one year is cu




This document is marketing material. Investors should
information document (“KID”) before investing and shou
for further details of risks associated with an investment
           Top 10 Holdings (% Weight)

 BAE Systems PLC                              12.62%

 Thales SA                                    12.18%

 Rheinmetall AG                               10.83%

 Rolls-Royce Holdings PLC                      8.78%

 Safran SA                                     8.14%

 Airbus SE                                     8.03%

 SAAB AB-B SEK NPV                             7.13%

 Leonardo Spa                                  6.51%

 DASSAULT AVIATION EUR 0.8                     4.54%

 Kongsberg Gruppen Asa                         4.11%

NB: Sources for all tables/charts on these pages: W


Listing Information
 Exchange           Trading Currency Exchange Tic

 LSE                       EUR                 WDEF

 Borsa Italiana            EUR                 WDEF

 Xetra                     EUR                 EUDF

 LSE                        GBx                WDEP

 Euronext(FR)              EUR                 WDEF

 LSE                       USD                 EUDF

 SIX                       USD                 WDEF

 BMV                       MXN                 EUDF




This document is marketing material. Investors should
information document (“KID”) before investing and shou
for further details of risks associated with an investment
Potential Benefits
Gain a unique pure-play exposure to the Europe
investments into European defence companies.
The ETF offers exposure to a diversified basket of
The research for the selection and weighting of co
ensuring the portfolio basket remains focused an
The ETF is UCITS compliant.

Potential Risks
Although the Index was created to select compan
An investment in equities may experience high vo
Higher growth companies such as those that play
higher valuations as part of any investment decisi
Investment risk may be concentrated in specific s
This list does not cover all risks - further risks are d




This document is marketing material. Investors should
information document (“KID”) before investing and shou
for further details of risks associated with an investment
Glossary
Dividend Weighted Index: an index that determ
most common is Market Cap weighted indices).

Fully Replicated: assets are invested in securities

Fundamentally Weighted Index: an index that w

Large Cap, Mid Cap and Small Cap: refers to ma

Listing currency: the trading currency on the exc

Physical (Optimised): assets are predominantly
closely resemble the characteristics of the index.

Physically Backed: securities held by the fund ar

Rebalance: An index is created by applying a cer
when WisdomTree re-applies its rules based selec

Rebalance Frequency: The frequency by which t

Replication Method: the method by which the fu

Share class currency or the "NAV currency": Th

Total Expense Ratio (TER): A measure of the tot
other expenses such as trustee, custody and ope
asset value.




This document is marketing material. Investors should
information document (“KID”) before investing and shou
for further details of risks associated with an investment
Disclaimer
IMPORTANT INFORMATION

Marketing communications issued in the Europ
which is authorised and regulated by the Central

Marketing communications issued in jurisdicti
authorised and regulated by the United Kingdom

WisdomTree Ireland Limited and WisdomTree UK
are available on request.

This marketing communication is intended for
be restricted in certain jurisdictions and may o
Where a product is not authorised or its distrib
information to inform themselves of, and com
legal, regulatory, tax and investment advice t
products is available at wisdomtree.eu. Wisdo
reliable indicator of future performance. Any
process of evaluating an investment strategy
Back tested performance is purely hypothet
represent actual performance and should not
affected by exchange rate movements. Any de
seeking independent investment, tax and lega
solicitation of an offer to buy any product or m

An investment in exchange-traded products (“ET
performance precisely. ETPs involve numerous ri
provider of index swaps utilised in the ETP, excha

The information contained in this document is n
public offering of shares in the United States or
distribution and where no prospectus of any of th
this document should be taken, transmitted or d
have been or will be registered under the United
securities statutes.

This document may contain independent mark
endeavours to ensure the accuracy of the conte
data providers used to source the information in
expressed its own opinions related to product o
officers, directors, partners, or employees accep
contents.

This document may contain forward looking stat
certain assets classes and/or sectors. Forward lo
such statements will be accurate and actual resu
you do not place undue reliance on these forward

Certain funds referred to in this document are iss
management Vehicle with segregated liability b
Investment in Transferable Securities (“UCITS”) u

The Fund is described in a Key Information Docum
Prospectus”). A copy of the WT Prospectus and t
rules, the KID will also be available in the local
should refer to the section of the WT Prospectus e

The summary of investor rights (https://www.w
issuer-icav. Pdf) associated with an investment
decide to terminate the arrangements made for
EEA Member State will be notified of this decisio
deductions for at least 30 working days from the d
Additional Information
For Investors in Switzerland: This documen
The prospectus (in English only) and the key
website: https://www.wisdomtree.eu/en-ch/
For WisdomTree UCITS products only: the
50, PO Box 5070, 8021 Zurich, Switzerland. Th
semi-annual reports of the sub-funds are ava
place of jurisdiction and performance is at th
may not have been registered with the Swiss
registered with FINMA may only be available

For Investors in France:
The information in this document is intended
material may not in any way be distributed to
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. WT Iss
with European regulations although may not
been registered for marketing in France by th
Copies of all documents (i.e. the Prospectus,
the memorandum of incorporation and artic
29, Boulevard Haussmann, 75009, Paris, Fran
supplements or addenda thereto.

For Investors in Israel: Offering materials fo
States Securities and Exchange Commission
endorsed the merits of this offering or passed
The products mentioned herein have not bee
will not constitute “an offer to the public” un
Investment Trusts Law, 5754-1994 (“the Join
investors or fewer during any given 12 month
Law, “Sophisticated Investors”) who in each
of the consequences of such designation and
exemptions of the Joint Investment Trusts La
the Israel Securities Authority.
This prospectus or this document may not be
copies have been sent. Any offeree who purc
of distributing or offering such product to oth
banking corporation, portfolio manager or m
product for another party which is a Sophisti
Nothing in this document should be consider
Investment Marketing and Portfolio Managem
licensed investment counsel prior to making
Sophisticated Investor purchasing a product
