domTree Global Quality Divi
 - USD Acc


                                                                    Produ
performance, before fees and expenses, of the                       Asset Cl
Growth Index.
                                                                    Benchm


 ted and is comprised of high quality dividend-                     Replicat
 kets, risk-filtered using a composite risk score
 tors (quality and momentum), each carrying an                      Total Ex
 nies which do not meet WisdomTree’s ESG
                                                                    Base Cu
 . To be included in the index, companies must
s well as minimum liquidity requirements,
                                                                    Use of In
ends over the prior annual cycle. The index on
 ompanies in the eligible universe based on the                     Distribu
eristics. The component companies are then                          Frequen
nds paid over the prior annual cycle. Companies                     Inceptio
ted.
                                                                    Financia
SD)
                                                                    UCITS C
     YTD        1-Year      3-Year      Inception Date
                                                                    ISA Eligi
    9.51%      15.68%      13.65%           11.82%
                                                                    SIPP Eli
    9.03%      15.35%      13.68%           12.02%
                                                                    PEA Elig

1/08/2026. Performance for the fund and the                         Registra
erformance is not a reliable indicator of future
 umulative.                                                         Manage

                                                                    Investm


                                                                    Adminis


                                                                    Custodi




                                                                    Index
                                                                    Index


                                                                    Index P

                                                                    Index C
                                                                    Index B
                                                                    Code



                                                                    ESG C
                                                                    SFDR Di




d read the prospectus of the Issuer (“Prospectus”) and the key
                                                                      GGRA W
 uld refer to the section of the Prospectus titled ‘Risk Factors’
 in this product.
nce (Net of fees)
        2018          2019           2020          2021             2022


%      -8.81%        33.18%        16.26%         19.29%        -13.88%



%      -8.63%        33.51%        16.51%         19.72%        -13.88%


 08/2026. Performance for the fund and the Index is shown i
ance of less than one year is cumulative.




mance (Net of fees)
 21-Aug'2022        Aug'2022-Aug'2023            Aug'2023-Aug'2024



13.53%                      16.08%                       20.36%



13.48%                      16.26%                       20.62%


 08/2026. Performance for the fund and the Index is shown i
ance of less than one year is cumulative.




d read the prospectus of the Issuer (“Prospectus”) and the key
                                                                     GGRA W
 uld refer to the section of the Prospectus titled ‘Risk Factors’
 in this product.
                 Fund Sector Exposure (% Weight)



                         Information…                    21.19%
                          Industrials                   18.99%
                         Health Care                   16.59%
                           Consumer…                 15.62%
                           Financials           9.14%
                     Communication…            7.55%
                  Consumer Staples             6.52%
                            Materials        3.86%
                             Utilities     0.32%
                          Real Estate     0.21%




WisdomTree UK, Bloomberg. All data as of 31/08/2026




cker Bloomberg Code                 RIC                 SEDOL

           GGRA LN               GGRA.L                BD2MY24       IE00

           GGRG LN               GGRG.L                BYZK6Q0       IE00

           GGRA IM              GGRA.MI                BZ9NSL1       IE00

           WTEM GY              WTEM.DE                BYY8B15       IE00

          GGRA SW                GGRA.S                BJH4VY8       IE00

         GGRAN MM               GGRA.MX                BNNPJY9       IE00

           GGRA FP              GGRG.PA                BMCZH94       IE00




d read the prospectus of the Issuer (“Prospectus”) and the key
                                                                    GGRA W
 uld refer to the section of the Prospectus titled ‘Risk Factors’
 in this product.
g companies from global developed markets which meet W


s based on quality and momentum proprietary scores.
her than a market-cap index.
dend strategies or as a replacement for large cap active growth
nt.




tly to a market capitalisation weighted index.
olatility and should be considered as a longer term investment.
sectors, countries, companies or currencies.
disclosed in the KID/KIID and Prospectus.




d read the prospectus of the Issuer (“Prospectus”) and the key
                                                                    GGRA W
 uld refer to the section of the Prospectus titled ‘Risk Factors’
 in this product.
mines the weight of its constituents using the dividends paid b


 s that match the constituents of the relevant index, in the same

weights securities on the basis of factors such as dividends or ea

arket capitalisation and is calculated by multiplying the price of

change.

y invested in securities that are constituents of the index, but


re the actual securities not a derivative.

rtain set of selection and weighting rules of countries, sectors a
ction and weighting process.

the constituents of the index are screened and their weights ch

und gets exposure to the benchmark index.

he currency that the fund's NAV is issued in.

tal costs associated with managing and operating a fund. The
erating expenses. It does not cover the swap fee. The TER is e




d read the prospectus of the Issuer (“Prospectus”) and the key
                                                                    GGRA W
 uld refer to the section of the Prospectus titled ‘Risk Factors’
 in this product.
 pean Economic Area (“EEA”): This document has been issue
 Bank of Ireland.

 ions outside of the EEA: This document has been issued and
m Financial Conduct Authority.

 K Limited are each referred to as “WisdomTree” (as applicable


 r all investors; however, the WisdomTree products describe
only be available to particular categories of investors in acco
bution is restricted in your jurisdiction, it is the responsibili
 mply with, all relevant restrictions. Before making any in
 to assess the suitability and implications of investing in th
omTree does not offer investment advice tailored to individ
y historical performance included in this document may b
y by applying it to historical data to simulate what the per
tical and is provided in this document solely for informa
 t be interpreted as an indication of actual or future perfor
 ecision to invest should be based on the information conta
al advice. The content of this document does not constitute
make any investment.

TPs”) is dependent on the performance of the underlying index
 isks including among others, general market risks relating to t
ange rate risks, interest rate risks, inflationary risks, liquidity ris

not, and under no circumstances is to be construed as, an adv
 any province or territory thereof, where none of the issuers o
he issuers has been filed with any securities commission or regu
distributed (directly or indirectly) into the United States. None
d States Securities Act of 1933 or the Investment Company Act


 ket commentary prepared by WisdomTree based on publicl
 nt in this document, WisdomTree does not warrant or guaran
 this document make no warranties or representation of any ki
or market activity, these views may change. Neither WisdomTr
pts any liability whatsoever for any direct or consequential lo


 tements including statements regarding our belief or current e
ooking statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties an
ults could differ materially from those anticipated in such stat
d-looking statements.

sued by WisdomTree Issuer ICAV (“WT Issuer”). WT Issuer is an o
between sub-funds and is authorised by the Central Bank of I
under Irish law. Each fund is represented by a separate class of

 ment (KID) or Key Investor Information Document (KIID) for UK
 the KID / KIID is available, for EEA/UK only, in English at www
  language of the relevant EEA Member State. Investors shoul
 entitled ‘Risk Factors’ for further details of risks associated with

wisdomtree.eu/-/media/eu-media-files/other-documents/regul
in the fund is available in English on WisdomTree Europe’s w
  the marketing of its collective investment undertakings. In su
on and will be provided with the opportunity to redeem their
 date of such notification.

e expectations of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers, this Fun
nvestment policy.

 ct to UK sustainable investment labelling and disclosure requ
 sustainability disclosure requirements (https://www.fca.or
nt constitutes an advertisement of the financial product(s) men
 investor information documents (KID) (in German, French and
/resource-library/prospectus-and-regulatory-reports
 representative and paying agent of the ETPs in Switzerland is S
 he prospectus, the key investor information documents (KIID),
ailable free of charge from the representative and paying agent
he registered seat of the representative and paying agent. Some
s Financial Market Supervisory Authority (“FINMA”). In Switzerla
 to Qualified Investors.


 d exclusively for professional investors (as defined under the M
 o the public. The distribution of the Prospectus and the offering
suer is a UCITS governed by Irish legislation, and approved by t
 t have to comply with the same rules as those applicable to a si
 he Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers
  the Key Investor Information Document, any supplements or a
cles of association) are available in France, free of charge at the
nce. Any subscription for Shares of the Fund will be made on th
