GGRA                                        Wisd
                                            ETF -


Investment Objective
The Fund seeks to track the price and yield p
WisdomTree Global Developed Quality Dividend G

Index Description
The index is rules-based, fundamentally weight
paying companies from global developed mark
("CRS") screening, which is made up of two fact
equal weighting. The index excludes compan
(environmental, social and governance) criteria.
meet certain risk management criteria, as
WisdomTree’s ESG screen and have paid divide
rebalancing date is comprised of the top 600 co
combination of growth and quality characte
weighted annually in the index based on dividen
that pay more dividends are more heavily weight

Performance (Net of fees) (US
 Name                                            QTR

 GGRA NAV                                       3.74%
 WisdomTree Global Developed
                                                3.22%
 Quality Dividend Growth Index (TR)

Source: WisdomTree UK, Bloomberg, as of 31
Index is shown in the listing currency. Past pe
results. Performance of less than one year is cu




This document is marketing material. Investors should
information document (“KID”) before investing and shou
for further details of risks associated with an investment
Calendar Year Performan
 Name                                            2017

 WisdomTree Global Quality
 Dividend Growth UCITS ETF - USD                27.99%
 Acc

 WisdomTree Global Developed
                                                28.42%
 Quality Dividend Growth Index (TR)


Source: WisdomTree UK, Bloomberg, as of 31/0
a reliable indicator of future results. Performa




Rolling 12-month perform
 Name                                          Aug'202

 WisdomTree Global Quality
 Dividend Growth UCITS ETF - USD                       -1
 Acc

 WisdomTree Global Developed
                                                       -1
 Quality Dividend Growth Index (TR)


Source: WisdomTree UK, Bloomberg, as of 31/0
a reliable indicator of future results. Performa




This document is marketing material. Investors should
information document (“KID”) before investing and shou
for further details of risks associated with an investment
           Top 10 Holdings (% Weight)

 Microsoft Corp                                4.39%

 Apple Inc                                     4.15%

 Merck & Co Inc/NJ                             2.83%

 AbbVie Inc                                    2.79%

 Coca-Cola Co/The                              2.63%

 Broadcom Inc                                  2.62%

 Nvidia Corp                                   2.42%

 Toyota Motor Corp                             2.28%

 Cisco Systems Inc                             2.14%

 UnitedHealth Group Inc                        1.95%

NB: Sources for all tables/charts on these pages: W


Listing Information
 Exchange           Trading Currency Exchange Tic

 LSE                       USD                 GGRA

 LSE                        GBx                GGRG

 Borsa Italiana            EUR                 GGRA

 Xetra                     EUR                 WTEM

 SIX                       USD                 GGRA

 BMV                       MXN                 GGRA

 Euronext(FR)              EUR                 GGRA




This document is marketing material. Investors should
information document (“KID”) before investing and shou
for further details of risks associated with an investment
Potential Benefits
Gain access to high quality, dividend growing
governance) criteria.
Benefit from risk-screening to exclude companies
Dividend yield and income potential may be high
Use as a complement to global high yielding divid
The ETF is physically backed and UCITS complian

Potential Risks
Dividend weighted indices may perform different
An investment in equities may experience high vo
Investment risk may be concentrated in specific s
This list does not cover all risks-further risks are d




This document is marketing material. Investors should
information document (“KID”) before investing and shou
for further details of risks associated with an investment
Glossary
Dividend Weighted Index: an index that determ
most common is Market Cap weighted indices).

Fully Replicated: assets are invested in securities

Fundamentally Weighted Index: an index that w

Large Cap, Mid Cap and Small Cap: refers to ma

Listing currency: the trading currency on the exc

Physical (Optimised): assets are predominantly
closely resemble the characteristics of the index.

Physically Backed: securities held by the fund ar

Rebalance: An index is created by applying a cer
when WisdomTree re-applies its rules based selec

Rebalance Frequency: The frequency by which t

Replication Method: the method by which the fu

Share class currency or the "NAV currency": Th

Total Expense Ratio (TER): A measure of the tot
other expenses such as trustee, custody and ope
asset value.




This document is marketing material. Investors should
information document (“KID”) before investing and shou
for further details of risks associated with an investment
Disclaimer
IMPORTANT INFORMATION

Marketing communications issued in the Europ
which is authorised and regulated by the Central

Marketing communications issued in jurisdicti
authorised and regulated by the United Kingdom

WisdomTree Ireland Limited and WisdomTree UK
are available on request.

This marketing communication is intended for
be restricted in certain jurisdictions and may o
Where a product is not authorised or its distrib
information to inform themselves of, and com
legal, regulatory, tax and investment advice t
products is available at wisdomtree.eu. Wisdo
reliable indicator of future performance. Any
process of evaluating an investment strategy
Back tested performance is purely hypothet
represent actual performance and should not
affected by exchange rate movements. Any de
seeking independent investment, tax and lega
solicitation of an offer to buy any product or m

An investment in exchange-traded products (“ET
performance precisely. ETPs involve numerous ri
provider of index swaps utilised in the ETP, excha

The information contained in this document is n
public offering of shares in the United States or
distribution and where no prospectus of any of th
this document should be taken, transmitted or d
have been or will be registered under the United
securities statutes.

This document may contain independent mark
endeavours to ensure the accuracy of the conte
data providers used to source the information in
expressed its own opinions related to product o
officers, directors, partners, or employees accep
contents.

This document may contain forward looking stat
certain assets classes and/or sectors. Forward lo
such statements will be accurate and actual resu
you do not place undue reliance on these forward

Certain funds referred to in this document are iss
management Vehicle with segregated liability b
Investment in Transferable Securities (“UCITS”) u

The Fund is described in a Key Information Docum
Prospectus”). A copy of the WT Prospectus and t
rules, the KID will also be available in the local
should refer to the section of the WT Prospectus e

The summary of investor rights (https://www.w
issuer-icav.pdf) associated with an investment i
decide to terminate the arrangements made for
EEA Member State will be notified of this decisio
deductions for at least 30 working days from the d

French Investors should note that, relative to the
the consideration of non-financial criteria in its in

This product is based overseas and is not subjec
details further information in relation to s
greenwashing).
Additional Information
For Investors in Switzerland: This documen
The prospectus (in English only) and the key
website: https://www.wisdomtree.eu/en-ch/
For WisdomTree UCITS products only: the
50, PO Box 5070, 8021 Zurich, Switzerland. Th
semi-annual reports of the sub-funds are ava
place of jurisdiction and performance is at th
may not have been registered with the Swiss
registered with FINMA may only be available

For Investors in France:
The information in this document is intended
material may not in any way be distributed to
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. WT Iss
with European regulations although may not
been registered for marketing in France by th
Copies of all documents (i.e. the Prospectus,
the memorandum of incorporation and artic
29, Boulevard Haussmann, 75009, Paris, Fran
supplements or addenda thereto.
