domTree Quantum Computi



                                                              Produ
 F (the “Fund”) seeks to track the price and yield             Asset Cl
WisdomTree Classiq Quantum Computing UCITS
ck the performance of companies involved in the                Benchm

                                                               Replicat

                                                               Total Ex
e of companies involved in quantum computing
                                                               Base Cu

                                                               Use of In
(“WT”) and leverages WisdomTree’s proprietary
 and close collaboration with industry experts                 Distribu
ecosystem.                                                     Frequen
                                                               Inceptio
n quantum computing activities and then are
n the nature and significance of their quantum                 Financia
ordingly derived revenues.
                                                               UCITS C
 ing activities, that meet additional requirements
  liquidity, are selected for inclusion with the               ISA Eligi
ontroversial weapons screen.
                                                               SIPP Eli
bsequent adjustments based on their relevancy
 highly relevant and pure-play companies in the                PEA Elig
of any security in the Index is capped at 15%.
                                                               Registra

                                                               Manage

                                                               Investm


                                                               Adminis


                                                               Custodi




                                                              Index
                                                               Index

                                                               Index P

                                                               Index C
                                                               Index B
                                                               Code



                                                              ESG C
                                                               SFDR Di




d read the prospectus of the Issuer (“Prospectus”) and the key
 uld refer to the section of the Prospectus titled ‘Risk Factors’ WQTM Wi
 in this product.
                Fund Sector Exposure (% Weight)



                      Information
                                                       83.00%
                      Technology


                  Communication
                                            11.57%
                     Services


                     Consumer
                                           2.92%
                    Discretionary



                       Industrials         2.51%




WisdomTree UK, Bloomberg. All data as of 31/08/2026




cker Bloomberg Code                  RIC              SEDOL

          WQTM LN              WQTM.L                BSVJS52        IE00

          WQTM IM             WQTM.MI                BP47TF9        IE00

         WQTM SW               WQTM.S                BQXSQB5        IE00

          WQTM GY             WQTM.DE                BP47T82        IE00

          QWTM LN              QWTM.L                BSVJS74        IE00

          WQTM FP             WQTM.PA                BSPS9R4        IE00

        WQTMN MM             WQTMN.MX                BVRYDV3        IE00




d read the prospectus of the Issuer (“Prospectus”) and the key
 uld refer to the section of the Prospectus titled ‘Risk Factors’ WQTM Wi
 in this product.
d investment approach focused on companies involved in qu
potential to transform multiple industries.
echanics, quantum computing is set to revolutionize comp
t are currently intractable for classical computers.
and for computing power through fundamentally different ar
 odelling to artificial intelligence, materials science and supply c
 ies shaping the quantum computing ecosystem, with select
m computing activities.
he Index is a product of WisdomTree’s proprietary research
egrated into the quantum computing ecosystem, ensuring t




panies with a high exposure to quantum computing activitie


olatility and should be considered as a longer term investment.
y a part in megatrends tend to trade at higher valuations. The i
sion.
sectors, countries, companies or currencies.
 disclosed in the relevant key information document and Prosp




d read the prospectus of the Issuer (“Prospectus”) and the key
                                                                    WQTM
 uld refer to the section of the Prospectus titled ‘Risk Factors’
 in this product.
mines the weight of its constituents using the dividends paid b


 s that match the constituents of the relevant index, in the same

weights securities on the basis of factors such as dividends or ea

arket capitalisation and is calculated by multiplying the price of

change.

y invested in securities that are constituents of the index, but


re the actual securities not a derivative.

rtain set of selection and weighting rules of countries, sectors a
ction and weighting process.

the constituents of the index are screened and their weights ch

und gets exposure to the benchmark index.

he currency that the fund's NAV is issued in.

tal costs associated with managing and operating a fund. The
erating expenses. It does not cover the swap fee. The TER is e




d read the prospectus of the Issuer (“Prospectus”) and the key
 uld refer to the section of the Prospectus titled ‘Risk Factors’ WQTM Wi
 in this product.
 pean Economic Area (“EEA”): This document has been issue
 Bank of Ireland.

 ions outside of the EEA: This document has been issued and
m Financial Conduct Authority.

 K Limited are each referred to as “WisdomTree” (as applicable


pared for professional investors, but the WisdomTree produ
ect to applicable laws and regulations. As the product m
 onsibility of every person or entity to satisfy themselve
  o any application investors are advised to take all necessar
 stment in the products. Past performance is not a reliable i
be based on back testing. Back testing is the process of eva
mance of such strategy would have been. Back tested perfo
 rposes. Back tested data does not represent actual perfo
he value of any investment may be affected by exchange ra
 appropriate prospectus and after seeking independent inve
 le for you. The content of this document does not constitute
make any investment.

TPs”) is dependent on the performance of the underlying index
 isks including among others, general market risks relating to t
ange rate risks, interest rate risks, inflationary risks, liquidity ris

not, and under no circumstances is to be construed as, an adv
 any province or territory thereof, where none of the issuers o
he issuers has been filed with any securities commission or regu
distributed (directly or indirectly) into the United States. None
d States Securities Act of 1933 or the Investment Company Act


 ket commentary prepared by WisdomTree based on publicl
 nt in this document, WisdomTree does not warrant or guaran
 this document make no warranties or representation of any ki
or market activity, these views may change. Neither WisdomTr
pts any liability whatsoever for any direct or consequential lo


 tements including statements regarding our belief or current e
ooking statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties an
ults could differ materially from those anticipated in such stat
d-looking statements.

ssued by WisdomTree Issuer ICAV (“WT Issuer”). WT Issuer is
 nds organised under the laws of Ireland as an Irish Collective A
 ganised as an Undertaking for Collective Investment in Tran
 ("Shares”) representing each fund.

  ment (KID) or Key Investor Information Document (KIID) for UK
 the KID / KIID is available, for EEA/UK only, in English at www.
  language of the relevant EEA Member State. Investors shoul
 entitled ‘Risk Factors’ for further details of risks associated with

 isdomtree. Eu/-/media/eu-media-files/other-documents/regul
  in the fund is available in English on WisdomTree Europe’s w
   the marketing of its collective investment undertakings. In su
 on and will be provided with the opportunity to redeem their
 date of such notification.
nt constitutes an advertisement of the financial product(s) men
 investor information documents (KID) (in German, French and
/resource-library/prospectus-and-regulatory-reports
 representative and paying agent of the ETPs in Switzerland is S
 he prospectus, the key investor information documents (KIID),
ailable free of charge from the representative and paying agent
he registered seat of the representative and paying agent. Some
s Financial Market Supervisory Authority (“FINMA”). In Switzerla
 to Qualified Investors.


 d exclusively for professional investors (as defined under the M
 o the public. The distribution of the Prospectus and the offering
suer is a UCITS governed by Irish legislation, and approved by t
 t have to comply with the same rules as those applicable to a si
 he Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers
  the Key Investor Information Document, any supplements or a
cles of association) are available in France, free of charge at the
nce. Any subscription for Shares of the Fund will be made on th


or the offering of the Shares and securities have not been filed w
  or any other state or federal regulatory authority, nor has any s
 d upon the accuracy or completeness of any offering materials.
 en approved by the Israel Securities Authority and will only be d
nder sections 15 and 15a of the Israel Securities Law, 5728-1968
nt Investment Trusts Law “), as applicable. The products are bei
h period) and/or those categories of investors listed in the First
 case have provided written confirmation that they qualify as S
d agree thereto; in all cases under circumstances that will fall w
 aw, the Securities Law and any applicable guidelines, pronoun

 e reproduced or used for any other purpose, nor be furnished to
chases a product is purchasing such product for its own benefit
 her parties (other than, in the case of an offeree which is a Soph
member of the Tel-Aviv Stock Exchange, as defined in the Adden
icated Investor).
 red investment advice or investment marketing as defined in t
 ment Law, 5755-1995. Investors are encouraged to seek compe
g the investment. A recipient of this document may be required
t for its own account or, where applicable, for other Sophisticat
