WQTM                                        Wisd
                                            Acc


Investment Objective
The WisdomTree Quantum Computing UCITS ETF
performance, before fees and expenses, of the W
Index (the "Index"). The Index is designed to trac
quantum computing industry.

Index Description
The Index is designed to track the performance
activities.

The Index was developed by WisdomTree, Inc. (
research into the quantum computing space
heavily integrated into the quantum computing e

Companies are identified as being involved in
assigned a relevancy and purity score based on
computing activities, and, where applicable, acco

Eligible companies involved in quantum computi
such as minimum market capitalization and
exception of those not meeting WisdomTree’s con

The Index is initially equally weighted with sub
and purity scores that ensure portfolio’s tilt to h
space. At each rebalance, the maximum weight o

The Index is rebalanced on a quarterly basis.




This document is marketing material. Investors should
information document (“KID”) before investing and shou
for further details of risks associated with an investment
            Top 10 Holdings (% Weight)

 Ionq Inc                                      4.83%

 Rigetti Computing Inc                         4.65%

 Infleqtion Inc                                4.56%

 D-Wave Quantum Inc                            4.55%

 Xanadu Quantum Technolo-Cl B                  4.24%

 Quantinuum Inc-A                              4.04%

 Quantum Computing Inc                         3.77%

 Fujitsu Ltd                                   3.06%

 Microsoft Corp                                3.04%
 International Business Machines
 Corp                                          2.93%

NB: Sources for all tables/charts on these pages: W


Listing Information
 Exchange           Trading Currency Exchange Tic

 LSE                       USD                 WQTM

 Borsa Italiana            EUR                 WQTM

 SIX                       USD                 WQTM

 Xetra                     EUR                 WQTM

 LSE                        GBx                QWTM

 Euronext(FR)              EUR                 WQTM

 BMV                       MXN                 WQTM




This document is marketing material. Investors should
information document (“KID”) before investing and shou
for further details of risks associated with an investment
Potential Benefits
Gain access to a high-conviction, differentiated
emerging yet rapidly developing space with the p
By harnessing the principles of quantum me
breakthroughs by solving complex problems that
Quantum systems address the insatiable dema
diverse areas from drug discovery and climate mo
The ETF offers diversified exposure to compani
relevancy and purity of each company’s quantum
The selection and weighting of companies in th
collaboration with industry experts heavily inte
evolving quantum computing trends.
The ETF is UCITS compliant.

Potential Risks
Although the Index was created to select comp
achieved.
An investment in equities may experience high vo
Higher growth companies such as those that play
higher valuations as part of any investment decisi
Investment risk may be concentrated in specific s
This list does not cover all risks - further risks are d




This document is marketing material. Investors should
information document (“KID”) before investing and shou
for further details of risks associated with an investment
Glossary
Dividend Weighted Index: an index that determ
most common is Market Cap weighted indices).

Fully Replicated: assets are invested in securities

Fundamentally Weighted Index: an index that w

Large Cap, Mid Cap and Small Cap: refers to ma

Listing currency: the trading currency on the exc

Physical (Optimised): assets are predominantly
closely resemble the characteristics of the index.

Physically Backed: securities held by the fund ar

Rebalance: An index is created by applying a cer
when WisdomTree re-applies its rules based selec

Rebalance Frequency: The frequency by which t

Replication Method: the method by which the fu

Share class currency or the "NAV currency": Th

Total Expense Ratio (TER): A measure of the tot
other expenses such as trustee, custody and ope
asset value.




This document is marketing material. Investors should
information document (“KID”) before investing and shou
for further details of risks associated with an investment
Disclaimer
IMPORTANT INFORMATION

Marketing communications issued in the Europ
which is authorised and regulated by the Central

Marketing communications issued in jurisdicti
authorised and regulated by the United Kingdom

WisdomTree Ireland Limited and WisdomTree UK
are available on request.

This marketing communication has been prep
in some jurisdictions to any investors, subje
restricted in your jurisdiction, it is the respo
regulations of the relevant jurisdiction. Prior to
on the suitability and consequences of an inves
performance included in this document may b
to historical data to simulate what the perform
in this document solely for informational pur
indication of actual or future performance. Th
be based on the information contained in the a
may not be available in your market or suitabl
solicitation of an offer to buy any product or m

An investment in exchange-traded products (“ET
performance precisely. ETPs involve numerous ri
provider of index swaps utilised in the ETP, excha

The information contained in this document is n
public offering of shares in the United States or
distribution and where no prospectus of any of th
this document should be taken, transmitted or d
have been or will be registered under the United
securities statutes.

This document may contain independent mark
endeavours to ensure the accuracy of the conte
data providers used to source the information in
expressed its own opinions related to product o
officers, directors, partners, or employees accep
contents.

This document may contain forward looking stat
certain assets classes and/or sectors. Forward lo
such statements will be accurate and actual resu
you do not place undue reliance on these forward

The products discussed in this document are is
capital having segregated liability between its fun
Central Bank of Ireland (“CBI”). WT Issuer is org
Ireland and shall issue a separate class of shares (

The Fund is described in a Key Information Docum
Prospectus”). A copy of the WT Prospectus and t
rules, the KID will also be available in the local
should refer to the section of the WT Prospectus e

The summary of investor rights (https://www. Wi
issuer-icav. Pdf) associated with an investment
decide to terminate the arrangements made for
EEA Member State will be notified of this decisio
deductions for at least 30 working days from the d
Additional Information
For Investors in Switzerland: This documen
The prospectus (in English only) and the key
website: https://www.wisdomtree.eu/en-ch/
For WisdomTree UCITS products only: the
50, PO Box 5070, 8021 Zurich, Switzerland. Th
semi-annual reports of the sub-funds are ava
place of jurisdiction and performance is at th
may not have been registered with the Swiss
registered with FINMA may only be available

For Investors in France:
The information in this document is intended
material may not in any way be distributed to
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. WT Iss
with European regulations although may not
been registered for marketing in France by th
Copies of all documents (i.e. the Prospectus,
the memorandum of incorporation and artic
29, Boulevard Haussmann, 75009, Paris, Fran
supplements or addenda thereto.

For Investors in Israel: Offering materials fo
States Securities and Exchange Commission
endorsed the merits of this offering or passed
The products mentioned herein have not bee
will not constitute “an offer to the public” un
Investment Trusts Law, 5754-1994 (“the Join
investors or fewer during any given 12 month
Law, “Sophisticated Investors”) who in each
of the consequences of such designation and
exemptions of the Joint Investment Trusts La
the Israel Securities Authority.
This prospectus or this document may not be
copies have been sent. Any offeree who purc
of distributing or offering such product to oth
banking corporation, portfolio manager or m
product for another party which is a Sophisti
Nothing in this document should be consider
Investment Marketing and Portfolio Managem
licensed investment counsel prior to making
Sophisticated Investor purchasing a product
